Q1: Why might we consider using Git?

Answer: Git is extremely useful in terms of version control, collaboratiion, and management. Especially when working in a team setting, it
effectively combines changes and resolves deltas. It is easily accessible, widely used in different industries, and gives auditability.
I especially like how in each repository, it gives an effective summary of what languages are used within a project, all associated files,
as well as recent changes to all of them. With each commit, you must provide a comment which outlines important changes so that your work
can be properly reviwed and assessed.

Q2: What field could data science be applied to? Give an Example.

Answer: When I think of data science and the 3 V's (Velocity, Volume, and Variety) I instantly think of finance. The finance industry deals
a lot with data, especially when it comes with displaying it. Referencing the Venn Diagram from lecture 1.1, Big Data is extremely useful
in any industry and can be applied to most if not all we do in daily life. I also think about prediction, where this data is used to make
smart decisions on strategy.

Q3: What is the difference between Merging and Rebasing?

Answer: Git Merging and Git Rebasing have the same purpose, to integrate changes from one branch to another. They differ in how this is
actually done however, as both commands have different underlying processes. Merging is less destructive, as it simply combines branch
history. When rebasing, it re-writes project history and creates new commits for each commit in the original branch. This is less
preferred because it can be detrimental to a project's workflow, especially for your collaborators.

Q4: What are you looking forward to this semester?

Answer: This semester, I am looking forward to learning about Data Science by getting a taste of the type of work done and to learn
about its applications in the career field. I'm most intrigued about prediction and dataviz. Especially with the amount of data
we produce, it's interesting to see how it can be analyzed (if applicable). Within the class, I'm excited to work with my friends
on the group project.  Outside of classes, I'm looking forward to move into my apartment as well as make more connections!
